.Q.hg/hp compression details (#281)
KxSystems/docs: docs/ref/dotq.md

N.B. HTTPS is not supported across proxies which require `CONNECT`.

Since 4.0 2019.10.22, gzip compresson is supported. Requests will include the HTTP header "Accept-Encoding: gzip". 

> The server can then choose whether to gzip the returned payload, which will uncompressed prior to .Q.hg returning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since 4.0 2019.10.22, gzip compression is supported. Requests include the HTTP header "Accept-Encoding: gzip". 
The server then decides whether to gzip the returned payload, which is uncompressed prior to .Q.hg returning.
```
